adding d1 docs (#6549)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/d1/limits-and-pricing/index.md

---
title: Limits and Billing 
pcx-content-type: concept
---

# Limits and Billing

## Limits 

While D1 is in Alpha, there are some limits to be aware of prior to begin testing. 

> * **Database size**: You can have a max database size of 100MB. There are no limitations on rows and columns as long as your database falls within the size limitation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Database size**: You can have a max database size of 100 MB. There are no limitations on rows and columns as long as your database falls within the size limitation. 
```
